Was stuck on why my css styling would not show in the browser to then realise I had not linked my stylesheet to my html.

Images are not uploading, once clicked and dragged, the upload status remained at 0 out of ?.
Found out they would not upload because the file size was too big. I reduced the size using <https://tinypng.com/>

I downloaded ? images from www.pexels.com.ff

I decided to choose a colour palette from colorhunt.co

I am unsure how to center the club ethos section on a screen width less than 1200px, will now allow me to use the backspace button or the enter button to move down to a new line, since moving to this workspace, I am unable to use a predictive code elements that I am writing.  

# CRAFT CLUB
Developer: Jamie Hughes Craft Club is an arts and crafts club/class in the Wokingham, England offering classes for children ages 4 - 14. The site is targeted towards parents who are looking for their children to expand and develop their creative abilities with a range of fun activities and a space for children to have fun birthday parties.
FEATURES - Existing Features - Navigation Bar - Features on all three pages of the website, the full responsive bar includes links to the logo (Home Page), Gallery and Booking page and is ideticle in each page to allow for easy navigation.                                                                                              This section will allow the user to easily navigate from page to page across all devices without having to revert back to the homepage each time.                                                                                                     - Picture of the logo and nav links -                                                                                                        Landing Page Image - The landing page includes a photograph with text overlay to allow the user to immediatley know this craft club is specifically for children aged 4 to 14 years.                                                                                                    This section also introduces the user to Craft Club with an eye catching example on what to expect.       - Picture of the Landing image -                                                                                                        VIDEO - The video contains everything a user could do at Craft Club, with cheerful music music playing along in the background, this video consists of still images and videos taken from previous craft club classes to demonstrate exactly what the classes are like.                                                                                                                         - In this video, the user will learn more about the techniques and materials used in the classes which some of the heading and context may not be too clear on. 